{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl276\slmult1\lang9\b\f0\fs22 Title: \b0 Kidde UL 711A Kitchen Fire Extinguisher\par
\b Image: \b0 FireExtinguisher1\par
\b Price:\b0  $19.97\par
\b Description:\b0  Kidde's new kitchen fire extinguisher is the only unit currently listed to the new 711A standard- tested to put out cooking oil fires safely and effectively in a residential kitchen. The proprietary nozzle design allows a broad, dispersed discharge of agent that delivers a high volume, low velocity delivery of dry chemical which does not cause the cooking oil to splash. Kidde's special purpose kitchen fire extinguisher offers peace of mind, safety and ease of use.\par
Net agent weight 2.5 lb, discharge time 8-10 seconds, discharge range 5 feet and operating pressure 100PSI\par
Unit packaged with wall bracket, equipped with pressure gauge for immediate pressure status check and has a 12 Year limited warranty\par
Aluminum cylinder is lightweight and corrosion resistant\par
Non-toxic, non-corrosive and non-conductive dry chemical extinguishing agent\par
Pressure gauge indicates that unit is charged and ready to use\par
Bi-lingual nameplate and carton\par
\b Specifications: \par
\b0 Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 3.25 in \tab Assembled Height (in.) \tab 13.75 in \par
Assembled Width (in.) \tab 3.25 in \tab Certifications and Listings \tab 1-UL Listed \par
Commercial / Residential \tab Residential \tab Discharge Range \tab 6 ft \par
Electrical Product Type \tab Fire Extinguisher \tab Extinguisher Features \tab Disposable,Mounting Bracket,Pressure Guage \par
Extinguisher Type \tab Dry Powder \tab Manufacturer Warranty \tab 12 \par
Operating Pressure (psi) \tab 100 \tab Product Weight (lb.) \tab 2.5 \par
Returnable \tab 90-Day \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 FireX Hardwired Interconnected 120-Volt Smoke Alarm with Battery Backup\b\par
Image: \b0 SmokeAlarm1\b\par
Price: \b0 $14.97\b\par
Description: \b0 FireX i4618 alarm is a 120V hardwire smoke alarm and battery back-up feature. Utilizes ionization technology that may detect fast flaming fires sooner than photoelectric. Install this alarm in your home to provide you and your family an early warning in the event of a fire. Battery back-up feature provides protection even during power outages and the smart hush feature will silence false alarms.\par
Front loading battery feature for easy battery change, no need to remove the alarm from the ceiling\par
Test/reset button allows you to check on the sensor's functionality and cease false alarms\par
9 Volt battery backup provides protection during power outages\par
Pre-stripped wiring harness with easy off cap provides easy access to wiring components\par
Interconnectable feature with up to 24 devices of which 18 can be initiating\par
Unit is equipped with piezoelectric horn that is rated at 85 decibels at 10 ft.\b\par
Specifications: \b0\par
Alarm Sensor Type \tab Ionization \tab Alarm Type \tab Smoke \par
Alarm/Detector Features \tab Battery Back-Up,Hush Feature,Interconnected \tab Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 3 in \par
Assembled Height (in.) \tab 6.25 in \tab Assembled Width (in.) \tab 6.63 in \par
Battery Back-Up \tab Yes \tab Battery Power Type \tab Alkaline \par
Battery Size \tab Duplex \tab Certifications and Listings \tab 1-UL Listed \par
Commercial / Residential \tab Commercial / Residential \tab Connector/Contact Type \tab 2-Wire \par
Digital Display \tab No \tab Electrical Product Type \tab Smoke Detector \par
Included \tab Battery (-ies) \tab Returnable \tab 90-Day \par
Voltage (volts) \tab 120 \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Werner 2-Story Not Rated Fire Escape Ladder with 375 lb. Load Capacity\b\par
Image: \b0 EscapeLadder1\b\par
Price: \b0 $99.00\b\par
Description: \b0 The Werner 2-Story Fire Escape Ladder features 12 non-slip steps and mounts easily to an existing wall. The self-deploying ladder rungs extend into a full ladder when dropped out of your window. Can be painted to match your wall.\par
Aluminum rungs with nylon webbing rails\par
Door included with unit\par
Anti-slip rungs and standoffs\par
Storage pan permanently installs in wall\par
Faster escape supports up to 1200 lbs.\b\par
Specifications: \par
\b0 Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 4.75 in \tab Assembled Height (in.) \tab 8.5 in \par
Assembled Width (in.) \tab 15.25 in \tab Certifications and Listings \tab No Certifications or Listings \par
Ladder Height (ft.) \tab 17 \tab Ladder Length \tab 17.2 ft \par
Ladder Rating \tab Type 1AA - 375 lbs. \tab Load weight capacity \tab 375 lb. \par
Manufacturer Warranty \tab none \tab Material \tab Aluminum \par
Maximum story number \tab 2 \tab Nonslip tread \tab 12 \par
Number of Steps \tab 12 \tab Product Weight (lb.) \tab 16 \par
Returnable \tab 90-Day \tab Rung/Step Depth \tab 2.25 in \par
Step rise (in.) \tab 14.25 \tab Weather Resistant \tab No \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Lithonia Lighting 4-Light White Fluorescent Troffer (28-Pallet)\b\par
Image: \b0 Light1\b\par
Price: \b0 $1,498.00\b\par
Description: \b0 The Lithonia Lighting 4-Light Prewired and Lamped Multi-Volt Fluorescent Troffer comes prewired with lamps installed for easy installation. It features a clear, prismatic acrylic lens and a white steel frame. This low-profile Troffer provides general illumination in grid ceiling applications.\par
Pallet buy consists of 28 troffers\par
Clear, prismatic acrylic lens\par
Energy efficient T8 fluorescent technology\par
Includes four 32 watt T8 4100K fluorescent bulbs (per fixture) pre-installed for easy installation\par
Multi-volt (120- to 277-volt) electronic ballast\par
6 ft. prewired with 3/8 in. 18-gauge flex\b\par
Specifications: \par
\b0 Actual Color Temperature (K) \tab 4100 \tab Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 48 in \par
Assembled Height (in.) \tab 3.19 in \tab Assembled Width (in.) \tab 24 in \par
Certifications and Listings \tab 1-UL Listed \tab Color Rendering Index \tab 85 \par
Commercial Light Type \tab Troffer \tab Dimmable \tab No \par
ENERGY STAR Certified \tab No \tab Fixture Color/Finish Family \tab Whites \par
Length/circumference (in.) \tab 49.5 \tab Light Bulb Base Code \tab Twist Lock \par
Light Source \tab Fluorescent \tab Manufacturer Warranty \tab 1 year \par
Number of Bulbs Required \tab 4 \tab Product Weight (lb.) \tab 25 \par
Required bulb type \tab T8 \tab Returnable \tab 90-Day \par
Wattage (watts) \tab 32 \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Lithonia Lighting 2-Light Thermoplastic LED Emergency Exit Sign/Fixture Unit Combo with Incandescent Heads\b\par
Image: \b0 ExitSign1\b\par
Price: \b0 $89.76\b\par
Description: \b0 The Lithonia Lighting Quantum 2-Light Thermoplastic LED Emergency Exit Sign/Fixture Unit Combo is good for an area requiring both an exit sign and emergency lighting. It features an attractive, streamlined design that is great for above-the-door applications and other tight fits. Unique track-and-swivel arrangement permits full range of direction of lamp head adjustment.\par
Streamlined design is good for a tight fit, such as above a door\par
Side-mount lamp heads reduce overall height\par
Engineering-grade thermoplastic housing is impact- and scratch-resistant\par
UV-stabilized white resin resists discoloration from both natural and man-made light sources\par
Rugged uni-body housing snaps together with no additional fasteners\par
Replaceable chevron directional indicator knockouts offer choice of direction\par
UL94V-O flame rating\par
Requires 2 LED bulbs, 4 watt maximum (included)\b\par
Specifications: \par
\b0 Actual Color Temperature (K) \tab 0 \tab Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 26 in \par
Assembled Height (in.) \tab 11 in \tab Assembled Width (in.) \tab 5 in \par
Certifications and Listings \tab 1-UL Listed \tab Color Rendering Index \tab 0 \par
Commercial Light Type \tab Exit and Emergency \tab ENERGY STAR Certified \tab No \par
Emergency run time (min.) \tab 90.0 \tab Fixture Color/Finish Family \tab Whites \par
Hardwired or Plug-In \tab Hardwired \tab Light Bulb Base Code \tab Other \par
Light Source \tab LED \tab Manufacturer Warranty \tab Five year manufacturers warranty \par
Material \tab Plastic \tab Number of Bulbs Required \tab 2 \par
Powered \tab Yes \tab Product Depth (in.) \tab 1.94 in \par
Product Height (in.) \tab 8.3 in \tab Product Weight (lb.) \tab 4.6 lb \par
Product Width (in.) \tab 16.4 in \tab Returnable \tab 90-Day \par
Wattage (watts) \tab 4 W \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Lithonia Lighting 2-Light Utility Light\b\par
Image: \b0 Light2\b\par
Price: \b0 $24.87\b\par
Description: \b0 The Lithonia Lighting 2-Light Utility Light uses a clear, prismatic acrylic lens with white steel end plates to provide widespread illumination. This light features a continuous-interlocking design for easy installation, lamp access and cleaning.\par
Uses a clear, prismatic acrylic lens with white steel end plates\par
Diffuser features a continuous-interlocking design for easy installation, lamp access and cleaning\par
Slim, wraparound design fits narrow ceiling areas\par
Requires two 32-watt T8 straight tube lamps\par
Energy Star qualified to meet or exceed federal guidelines for energy efficiency for year-round energy and money savings\par
UL listed\b\par
Specifications: \par
\b0 Accessory Type \tab Wrap \tab Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 3 in \par
Assembled Height (in.) \tab 50 in \tab Assembled Width (in.) \tab 6 in \par
Certifications and Listings \tab 1-UL Listed \tab Color Family \tab White \par
Commercial Light Type \tab Wraparound \tab Manufacturer Warranty \tab Guaranteed one year for defects in manufacture. \par
Material \tab Metal \tab Number in Pack \tab 1 \par
Product Depth (in.) \tab 3 in \tab Product Height (in.) \tab 50 in \par
Product Weight (lb.) \tab 8 lb \tab Product Width (in.) \tab 6 in \par
Returnable \tab 90-Day \tab Style \tab Traditional \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Lithonia Lighting Lead-Calcium Plastic 6-Volt Emergency/Exit Lighting Replacement Battery\b\par
Image: \b0 Battery1\b\par
Price: \b0 $21.86\b\par
Description: \b0 The Lithonia Lighting Lead-Calcium 6-Volt Replacement Battery for Emergency/Exit Lighting. This battery is rechargeable for your convenience. This replacement battery features lead-calcium storage for lasting use.\par
Lead-calcium battery\par
Replacement battery for use in exit/emergency light products\par
For UL-listed exit signs\par
6-volt battery\par
4 Ah\par
Rechargeable\b\par
Specifications: \par
\b0 Actual Color Temperature (K) \tab 0 \tab Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 6.25 in \par
Assembled Height (in.) \tab 6.37 in \tab Assembled Width (in.) \tab 6 in \par
Certifications and Listings \tab 1-UL Listed \tab Color Rendering Index \tab 0 \par
Commercial Light Type \tab Exit and Emergency \tab ENERGY STAR Certified \tab No \par
Emergency run time (min.) \tab 90 \tab Fixture Color/Finish Family \tab Black \par
Hardwired or Plug-In \tab Neither \tab Light Bulb Base Code \tab Other \par
Light Source \tab Incandescent \tab Manufacturer Warranty \tab 1 year \par
Material \tab Plastic \tab Number of Bulbs Required \tab 0 \par
Powered \tab No \tab Product Depth (in.) \tab 4 \par
Product Height (in.) \tab 4 \tab Product Weight (lb.) \tab 2 \par
Product Width (in.) \tab 6 \tab Returnable \tab 90-Day \par
Wattage (watts) \tab 0 \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Cooper Bussmann FRN Series 20 Amp Brass Time Delay Fuse Cartridges (2-Pack)\b\par
Image: \b0 Fuse1\b\par
Price: \b0 $12.64\b\par
Description: \b0 The Cooper Bussmann FRN Series 20 Amp Brass Time Delay Fuse Cartridges (2-Pack) have fiberglass tubes and are current limiting, Class RK5, dual-element time-delay fuses with a 10-second minimum at 500% design. Typical applications include power panel boards, motor control centers, combination starters and machinery disconnects. These fuse cartridges are UL- and CSA listed for safety.\par
Used in power panel boards, motor control centers, combination starters and machinery disconnects\par
Operating maximum of 30 Amp s\par
Operating maximum of 250 volts\par
UL listed\b\par
Specifications: \b0\par
Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 5.5 in \tab Assembled Height (in.) \tab 0.5 in \par
Assembled Width (in.) \tab 2.75 in \tab Certifications and Listings \tab 1-UL Listed,CSA Listed \par
Electrical Product Type \tab Fuse \tab Fuse Type \tab Cartridge \par
Manufacturer Warranty \tab NONE \tab Material \tab Paper \par
Maximum Amperage (amps) \tab 30 A \tab Number in Package \tab 2 \par
Product Diameter (in.) \tab 0.56 in \tab Product Length (in.) \tab 2 \par
Product Weight (lb.) \tab 0.50 \tab Time Delay \tab Yes \par
Voltage (volts) \tab 250 \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 GE 200 Amp 240-Volt Non-Fused Emergency Power Transfer Switch\b\par
Image: \b0 PowerSwitch1\b  \par
Price: \b0 $324.00\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 Run your backup generator with the GE 200 Amp 240-Volt Non-Fused Emergency Power Transfer Switch. This emergency power transfer switch offers a NEMA type-3R metal enclosure for outdoor use. For use with 6 - 250 AWG/kcmil copper or aluminum lug wire, this transfer switch is rated for safety with a UL listing and an ANSI certification.\par
Ideal for running your back-up generator\par
Metal construction\par
Double-throw, non-fusible design\par
NEMA type-3R enclosure for outdoor use\par
Single-phase, 3-wire SN, 200 Amp 120/240 VAC\par
Accommodates 6 - 250 AWG/kcmil copper or aluminum lug wire\par
Meets UL and ANSI safety requirements\b\par
Specifications: \par
\b0 Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 16.3 in \tab Assembled Height (in.) \tab 30.8 in \par
Assembled Width (in.) \tab 10 in \tab Certifications and Listings \tab 1-UL Listed,ANSI Certified \par
Electrical Product Type \tab Transfer Switch \tab Fusible \tab No \par
Manufacturer Warranty \tab Lifetime Warranty \tab Maximum Amperage (amps) \tab 200 A \par
Maximum Wattage \tab 0 W \tab Number of phases \tab 1 \par
Product Depth (in.) \tab 30.75 \tab Product Height (in.) \tab 10 \par
Product Weight (lb.) \tab 37.6 \tab Product Width (in.) \tab 15.625 \par
Returnable \tab 90-Day \tab Safety Switch Type \tab Safety \par
Voltage (volts) \tab 240 \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Zinsco Thick 30 Amp 1-1/2 in. Double-Pole Type Z UBI Replacement Circuit Breaker\b\par
Image: \b0 Breaker1\b\par
Price: \b0 $59.97\b\par
Description: \b0\par
The Zinsco Thick 30 Amp 1-1/2 in. Double-Pole Type Z UBI Replacement Circuit Breaker is suitable for use in typical applications up to 13,200 watts, such as hot water heaters, clothes dryers, air conditioners and electric motors. The HACR-rated breaker is compatible with Zinsco thick series load centers.\par
For use in typical applications up to 13,200 watts\par
#10-2 copper with ground wire\par
120/240 VAC\par
Type Z for use in Zinsco load centers\par
240-volt air conditioners up to 36,000 BTUs and 240-volt electric motors 1.5 - 3 HP\par
HACR rated\b\par
Specifications: \par
\b0 Arc Fault Interrupter \tab No \tab Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 5 in \par
Assembled Height (in.) \tab 2.5 in \tab Assembled Width (in.) \tab 1.5 in \par
Certifications and Listings \tab ETL Listed \tab Electrical Product Type \tab Breaker \par
Ground Fault Interrupter \tab No \tab Manufacturer Warranty \tab 1 Year \par
Maximum Amperage (amps) \tab 30 A \tab Mounting type \tab Plug In \par
Number of Poles \tab 2 \tab Product Depth (in.) \tab 5 \par
Product Height (in.) \tab 2.5 \tab Product Series \tab UBI \par
Product Weight (lb.) \tab .85 \tab Product Width (in.) \tab 1.5 \par
Returnable \tab 90-Day \tab Voltage (volts) \tab 240 \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Cerrowire 250 ft. 12/2 UF-B Wire\b\par
Image: \b0 Wire1\b\par
Price: \b0 $90.30\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 This 250 ft. Underground Feeder Cable is designed to be directly buried into the ground as a non-metallic sheathed cable. Jacketed in insulated PVC, this cable is resistant to sunlight for durability. This cable is UL listed.\par
250 ft. length\par
12 gauge\par
Ideal for feeder or branch circuit cable\par
Copper conductor material\par
Cable can be used in wet or dry locations\par
Copper conductors\par
Note: Product may vary by store.\b\par
Specifications: \par
\b0 Allowable Ampacities \tab 20 \tab Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 14 in \par
Assembled Height (in.) \tab 3.3 in \tab Assembled Width (in.) \tab 14 in \par
Cable/Wire Type \tab UF-B \tab Certifications and Listings \tab 1-UL Listed \par
Commercial / Residential \tab Commercial / Residential \tab Conductor Gauge \tab 12 \par
Conductor Material \tab Copper \tab Electrical Product Type \tab Service Entry Electrical Cable \par
Flame retardant \tab No \tab Grounded \tab Yes \par
Indoor/Outdoor \tab Indoor/Outdoor \tab Jacketed \tab Yes \par
Manufacturer Warranty \tab NO \tab Number of Conductors \tab 2 \par
Outer Color \tab Grey \tab Product Length (ft.) \tab 250 ft \par
Returnable \tab 90-Day \tab Shielded \tab No \par
Stranded or Solid \tab Solid \tab Sunlight / UV Resistant \tab Yes \par
Voltage (volts) \tab 600 \tab Wet Location Use \tab Yes \par
Wire/Cable Length (ft.) \tab 250 \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Cerrowire 500 ft. 10/2 UF-B Wire - Grey\b\par
Image: \b0 Wire2\b\par
Price: \b0 $298.20\b\par
Description: \par
\b0 500 ft. 10/2 UF-B Wire can be used outdoors, underground and in wet areas. The jacketed wire is sun and UV resistant. Copper conductors. UL listed.\par
For outdoor and underground use\par
Can be used in wet areas\par
500 ft. length\par
10 gauge\par
Sunlight, UV, oil and gas resistant\par
Jacketed\par
Note: product may vary by store\b\par
Specifications: \par
\b0 Allowable Ampacities \tab 30 \tab Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 12 in \par
Assembled Height (in.) \tab 13 in \tab Assembled Width (in.) \tab 12 in \par
Cable/Wire Type \tab UF-B \tab Certifications and Listings \tab 1-UL Listed \par
Commercial / Residential \tab Commercial / Residential \tab Conductor Gauge \tab 10 \par
Conductor Material \tab Copper \tab Electrical Product Type \tab Service Entry Electrical Cable \par
Flame retardant \tab No \tab Grounded \tab Yes \par
Indoor/Outdoor \tab Indoor/Outdoor \tab Jacketed \tab Yes \par
Manufacturer Warranty \tab NO \tab Number of Conductors \tab 2 \par
Outer Color \tab Grey \tab Product Length (ft.) \tab 500 ft \par
Returnable \tab 90-Day \tab Shielded \tab No \par
Stranded or Solid \tab Solid \tab Sunlight / UV Resistant \tab Yes \par
Voltage (volts) \tab 600 \tab Wet Location Use \tab Yes \par
Wire/Cable Length (ft.) \tab 500\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Cerrowire 100 ft. 14 Gauge 5-Conductor Portable Power Soow Cord - Black\b\par
Image: \b0 Wire3\b\par
Price: \b0 $136.00\b\par
Description: \b0 14-5 gauge type SOOW flexible cord is designed for extra hard usage on industrial equipment, heavy tools, battery chargers, portable lights, welding leads, marine dockside power, power extensions, and mining applications. SOOW flexible cords are also UL and CSA listed for continuous submersion in water. Jacket is heat, moisture, and oil resistant.\par
Jacket is sunlight resistant\par
Rated up to 600-Volts\par
2,3,4 or 5 Flexible stranded class K copper conductors\par
UL listed\b\par
Specifications: \par
\b0 Allowable Ampacities \tab not specified \tab Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 12.25 in \par
Assembled Height (in.) \tab 8.125 in \tab Assembled Width (in.) \tab 12.25 in \par
Cable/Wire Type \tab SOOW \tab Certifications and Listings \tab 1-UL Listed \par
Commercial / Residential \tab Commercial / Residential \tab Conductor Gauge \tab 14 \par
Conductor Material \tab Copper \tab Direct Burial \tab No \par
Electrical Product Type \tab Mutli-Use Electrical Cord \tab Flame retardant \tab Yes \par
Grounded \tab Yes \tab Jacketed \tab Yes \par
Manufacturer Warranty \tab No \tab Number of Conductors \tab 5 \par
Outer Color \tab Black \tab Product Length (ft.) \tab 100 ft \par
Returnable \tab 90-Day \tab Shielded \tab No \par
Stranded or Solid \tab Stranded \tab Sunlight / UV Resistant \tab Yes \par
Voltage (volts) \tab 600 \tab Wet Location Use \tab No \par
Wire/Cable Length (ft.) \tab 100 \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 L.I.F Industries 36 in. x 80 in. Flush Gray Exit Right-Hand Fire Proof Door Unit with Welded Frame\b\par
Image: \b0 Door1\b\par
Price: \b0 $718.80\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 Heavy duty steel flush unit with exit device and commercial grade lever entrance trim installed and welded frame. Complete with a commercial grade lever entrance lockset and spring hinges in a satin chrome finish. Equipped with a 90 min. fire and smoke label. Manufactured with the highest quality mill primed galvanized steel that is satin smooth to the touch and ready to receive premium latex or oil based paint once cleaned. Frame made for a wall thickness of 4-7/8 in. And used primarily in new masonry or drywall construction when the wall is being built. Frame comes complete with combination anchors for either masonry or drywall applications. Installation instructions as well as finishing guidelines and warranty information can be downloaded for your convenience.\par
Ships in 10 days\par
Heavy duty steel to secure and protect your home or building\par
Ready to install\par
Environmentally friendly\par
Heavy duty steel door and frame provides long lasting durability and carefree use\par
Provides protection from the spread of both fire and smoke\par
Can be used in both interior and exterior walls\par
Steel frame provides superior protection compared to normal wood jambs\par
Commercial grade weather stripping sold separately provides added protection against the elements\par
Satin smooth steel surface allows for easy painting for any color match\par
Commercial grade hardware for additional security and long lasting durability\b\par
Specifications: \par
\b0 Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 6 in \tab Assembled Height (in.) \tab 82 in \par
Assembled Width (in.) \tab 40 in \tab Brickmould \tab No \par
Color/Finish \tab Gray \tab Commercial \tab Yes \par
Design Pattern \tab Other \tab Door Color Family \tab Grey \par
Door Configuration \tab Single Door \tab Door Handing \tab Right-Hand/Outswing \par
Door Size \tab 36 in. X 80 in. \tab Door Swing \tab Right Hand \par
Door Thickness (in.) \tab 1.75 in \tab Door Type \tab Exterior Prehung \par
Door Width (in.) \tab 35.75 \tab Door height (in.) \tab 79 \par
ENERGY STAR Certified \tab No \tab Finish Type \tab Unfinished \par
Finished Opening Height (in.) \tab 82 \tab Finished Opening Width (in.) \tab 40 \par
Fire rating \tab 90 minute \tab Hinge Finish \tab Chrome \par
Hurricane rated \tab No \tab Manufacturer Warranty \tab 1 Year limited \par
Number of Hinges \tab 3.0 \tab Number of panels \tab 0 \par
Paintable/Stainable \tab Yes \tab Product Weight (lb.) \tab 120 \par
Returnable \tab 90-Day \tab Rough Opening Height \tab 82.125 in \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Aleco ImpacDor FS-500 3/4 in. x 60 in. x 96 in. Charcoal Gray Wood Core Impact Door\b\par
Image: \b0 Door2\b\par
Price: \b0 $1483.00\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 Aleco ImpacDor FS-500 is a versatile 3/4 in. (19 mm) door with wood core and ABS facings for demanding food service, retail and light industrial applications seeking to provide a visual barrier or a damper to air currents in busy doorways. Colorful 1/8 in. (3 mm) ABS facings are bonded to a 1/2 in. (13 mm) solid core to resist palletized loads, yet remain light enough to swing freely in high volume foot traffic. This versatile, attractive door is supported by the easily installed stainless steel EZ hinge system for two-way 125 degree swing. The hinge\rquote s unique offset pivot ensures smooth, effortless operation to facilitate traffic flow. Features rigid solid core with reinforced metal spine, 11-1/2 in. x 15-1/2 in. dual pane windows and stainless steel 8-3/4 in. jamb guards.\par
Rigid solid core\par
Reinforced metal spine\par
Colorful 1/8 in. (3 mm) ABS facings are bonded to a 1/2 in. (13 mm) solid core to resist palletized loads\par
Light enough to swing freely with heavy foot traffic\par
Serves as a visual barrier\par
Serves as a sound barrier\par
Two-way 125 degree swing\par
EZ hinge installs and operates effortlessly\par
EZ Hinge has a 5-year limited warranty\par
Ideal for food service, retail and light industrial applications\b\par
Specifications: \par
\b0 Assembled Depth (in.) \tab .75 in \tab Assembled Height (in.) \tab 84 in \par
Assembled Width (in.) \tab 60 in \tab Color Family \tab Gray \par
Commercial \tab Yes \tab Core Type \tab Wood \par
Door Color Family \tab Grey \tab Door Thickness (in.) \tab .75 in \par
Door Width (in.) \tab 60 \tab Manufacturer Warranty \tab Standard one year (from date of shipment) limited against defects in material and workmanship and is limited to the replacement of any part or parts which prove to be defective. 5 year limited warranty on EZ Hinge \par
Product Weight (lb.) \tab 165 \tab Returnable \tab 90-Day\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Port-A-Cool 9600 CFM 3-Speed Portable Evaporative Cooler for 2500 sq. ft.\b\par
Image: \b0 Cooler1\b\par
Price: \b0 $2399.00\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 Port-A-Cool portable evaporative cooling units utilize a unique, patented housing design and K\'dc\'dcL Pads high efficiency rigid cooling media to produce effective and efficient cooling even in high relative humidity conditions. The Port-A-Cool 36 in. 3-speed model cools up to 2,500 square feet making it perfect for hospitality tents, warehouses, factories, work shops, large work areas, outdoor recreational areas anywhere air conditioning is ineffective or cost prohibitive. Port-A-Cool portable evaporative cooling units perform at a fraction of the cost of standard air-conditioning while lowering the surrounding air temperature by as much as 15 to 25 degrees Fahrenheit, resulting in an average utility cost of 7.5-cents to 28.2-cents per hour, depending on unit size. Port-A-Cool units are environmentally friendly and provide long-term dependability plus near maintenance-free operation. This evaporative cooler performs best in dry, arid climates.\par
Lowers temperatures 15 - 25 degrees F\par
Cools up to 2,500 square feet\par
Powerful 9,600 CFM\par
32 gallon water reservoir for longer operation\par
Three-speed motor\par
New cord-wrap storage\par
Made in the U.S.A.\par
Virtually maintenance free\par
Shipped completely assembled - ready to operate out of the box\par
New easy rolling poly-on-poly casters\par
3/4 in. garden hose connection for longer operation\b\par
Specifications: \par
\b0 Air Volume (CFM) \tab 9600 \tab Amperage (amps) \tab 11.5 \par
Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 32 in \tab Assembled Height (in.) \tab 67 in \par
Assembled Width (in.) \tab 62 in \tab Built-in HEPA filter \tab No \par
Built-in carbon filter \tab No \tab Casters \tab Yes \par
Certifications and Listings \tab 1-UL Listed \tab Color \tab Black \par
Color Family \tab Blacks \tab Commercial / Residential \tab Commercial / Residential \par
Cooling zone (sq. ft.) \tab 2500 \tab Cord Length (in.) \tab 120 \par
Evaporative Cooler Product Type \tab Portable Cooler \tab Horsepower (hp) \tab 1/2 hp \par
Manufacturer Warranty \tab 1 Year \tab Number of Speed Settings \tab 3 \par
Product Depth (in.) \tab 32 \tab Product Height (in.) \tab 67 \par
Product Weight (lb.) \tab 205 \tab Product Width (in.) \tab 62 \par
Programmable Timer \tab No \tab Remote Control \tab No \par
Returnable \tab 90-Day \tab Voltage (volts) \tab 115 \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 MasterCool 5000 CFM 2-Speed Side-Draft Roof 12 in. Media Evaporative Cooler for 1650 sq. ft. (with Motor)\b\par
Image: \b0 Cooler2\b\par
Price: \b0 $1499.00\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 This MasterCool down-discharge evaporative cooler is American-made and provides an economical, environmentally-friendly means of cooling up to 1650 sq. ft. Engineered for maximum airflow and superior durability, the MasterCool line of coolers not only saves energy dollars, but provides years of worry-free cooling comfort for you and your family. This unit is complete and ready to install. ATTENTION: This evaporative cooler performs best in dry, arid climate.\par
Circulates air at up to 5000 CFM\par
Cools up to 1650 sq. ft. for whole-house cooling\par
Comes with a 3/4 HP, 2 speed, 115-volt motor, pump, rigid media, pulley, purge system and deluxe thermostat\par
Uses high performance 12 in. rigid media\par
Exterior surfaces electro-statically coated for weather and impact resistance\par
Unique perforated air inlet screen provides more air flow than the competition\par
Thermoplastic water reservoir prevents corrosion\par
Up to 75% energy savings over traditional air conditioning\par
Single inlet design for maximum cooling\par
Engineered for easy access and maintenance\par
UL classified for safe operation\par
Ideal for dry, arid climates\par
Made in Denison, TX, USA\b\par
Specifications: \par
\b0 Air Volume (CFM) \tab 5000 \tab Amperage (amps) \tab 14.9 \par
Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 49 in \tab Assembled Height (in.) \tab 28 in \par
Assembled Width (in.) \tab 42 in \tab Built-in HEPA filter \tab No \par
Built-in carbon filter \tab No \tab Certifications and Listings \tab 3-UL Classified \par
Color \tab Cool Sand \tab Color Family \tab Beige / Cream \par
Commercial / Residential \tab Commercial / Residential \tab Cooling zone (sq. ft.) \tab 1650 \par
Discharge direction \tab Side \tab Evaporative Cooler Product Type \tab Roof/Wall Cooler \par
Horsepower (hp) \tab .75 hp \tab Manufacturer Warranty \tab Limited lifetime warranty on wet section/5-yr limited warranty on media/2-yr warranty on motor and pump/1-yr limited warranty on parts \par
Motor Included \tab Yes \tab Number of Speed Settings \tab 2 \par
Product Depth (in.) \tab 49 \tab Product Height (in.) \tab 28 \par
Product Weight (lb.) \tab 197 \tab Product Width (in.) \tab 42 \par
Returnable \tab 90-Day \tab Single or dual inlet \tab Single inlet \par
Voltage (volts) \tab 115 \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 HDX 30 in. Pedestal Fan\b\par
Image: \b0 Fan1\b\par
Price: \b0 $149.00\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 The HDX 30 in. pedestal fan's motor powers 3 aluminum fan blades to provide economical cooling and air circulation for all environments including warehouses, factories, offices, garages and more. These portable fans have a 360 degree pivot-action head that allows vertical airflow adjustments and a tool free hand screw knob for height adjustments.\par
3 adjustable speeds for your comfort\par
Powerful motor for large air volume\par
Aluminum fan blades for maximum air movement\par
360 degree adjustable tilt\par
Height adjustment from 5-1/4 ft. to 6 ft.\par
Steel housing for added durability\par
Commercial-grade pedestal fan ideal for use in warehouses, factories and other indoor work areas\par
Easy assembly\par
Indoor use only\par
UL listed\par
Fan Type : Pedestal Fan\b\par
Specifications: \par
\b0 Adjustable Height \tab Yes \tab Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 27 in \par
Assembled Height (in.) \tab 72 in \tab Assembled Width (in.) \tab 34 in \par
Assembly Required \tab Yes \tab Certifications and Listings \tab 1-UL Listed \par
Color Family \tab Black \tab Cord Length (ft.) \tab 6.55 \par
Fan diameter (in.) \tab 30 \tab Grounded \tab Yes \par
Indoor/Outdoor \tab Indoor \tab Ionizing \tab No \par
Manufacturer Warranty \tab 1 year \tab Mounting style \tab Standalone \par
Oscillating \tab Yes \tab Product Depth (in.) \tab 34 \par
Product Height (in.) \tab 27 \tab Product Weight (lb.) \tab 41.06 \par
Product Width (in.) \tab 72 \tab Remote Control \tab No \par
Returnable \tab 90-Day \tab Slip-resistant feet \tab Yes \par
Thermostat \tab No \tab Timer \tab No \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Dyna-Glo 50K - 200K LP Convection Heater\b\par
Image: \b0 Heater1\b\par
Price: \b0 $139.00\b\par
Description:\b0\par
The Dyna-Glo 200,000 BTU Portable Convection Tower Propane Heater features 3 heat settings and a 360-degree heat radius that offers plenty of warmth for areas of up to 4,700 sq. ft. The convenient, one-hand piezo ignition helps provide a fast startup, while the non-slip base and automatic shutoff help ensure safety.\par
\par
Variable heat settings can produce 50,000, 120,000 and 200,000 BTU/hr. to keep you warm and comfortable\par
Heats up to 4,700 sq. ft., with a 360-degree heat radius for ample coverage\par
One-hand piezo ignition helps provide quick and easy startup\par
Automatic shutoff and sturdy, non-slip base help ensure safe use\par
CSA listed for safety\par
Auto safety shut-off and large sturdy base to prevent tipping\par
Note: Product may vary by store\b\par
Specifications: \par
\b0 Accessories Included \tab No \tab Area Heated (Sq. Ft.) \tab 4700 \par
Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 15.91 in \tab Assembled Height (in.) \tab 26.18 in \par
Assembled Width (in.) \tab 15.91 in \tab Automatic shutoff \tab Yes \par
Certifications and Listings \tab ANSI Certified,CSA Listed \tab Color \tab Silver \par
Color Family \tab Metallics \tab Digital Display \tab No \par
Fuel Gauge \tab No \tab Fuel rate (gallons/hour) \tab 0 \par
Fuel tank capacity (gallons) \tab 0 \tab Heat rating (BTU/hour) \tab 200000 \par
Heater Type \tab Other \tab Heating Product Type \tab Gas Portable Heater \par
Heating Technology Type \tab Convection \tab Ignition Type \tab Piezo \par
Indoor/Outdoor \tab Indoor/Outdoor \tab Manufacturer Warranty \tab Limited one year \par
Material \tab Steel \tab Nonslip base \tab Yes \par
Power/Fuel Type \tab Propane \tab Product Depth (in.) \tab 15.91 \par
Product Height (in.) \tab 26.18 \tab Product Weight (lb.) \tab 13.2 \par
Product Width (in.) \tab 15.91 \tab Remote Control \tab No \par
Returnable \tab 45-Day \tab Run time (hours) \tab 11 \par
Thermostat \tab No \tab Timer Included \tab No \par
Vented \tab No \tab Wheels \tab No \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Rheem Performance 40 gal. Medium 6 Year 4500/4500-Watt Elements Electric Water Heater\b\par
Image: \b0 Heater2\b\par
Price: \b0 $328.00\b\par
Description: \b0\par
The Rheem Performance 40 gal. Electric medium water heater provides an ample supply of hot water for households with two to four people. This unit comes with two 4500 watt elements and an automatic thermostat which keeps the water at the desired temperature. A 240 volt electrical connection is required for installation. A patented magnesium anode rod design incorporates a special resistor that protects the tanks from rust, providing longer tank life. Factory installed temperature and pressure relief valve and 3/4 in. water connections are included with the water heater for easy installation. This model has a 6 year limited tank and parts warranty plus a 1 year in home labor warranty.\par
40 gal. tank provides ample hot water for households with 2 to 4 people\par
Electric water heater is easy to maintain\par
Delivers 53 gal. of hot water in the first hour\par
6 year limited warranty on tank and parts for your convenience\par
1 year in home labor warranty for peace of mind\par
Meets or exceeds NAECA requirements\par
Dual 4500 watt heating elements\par
Automatic thermostat keeps water at your desired temperature\par
Requires a 240-volt connection for installation\par
Medium tank profile fits in a variety of indoor spaces\par
Energy factor 0.92\b\par
Specifications: \par
\b0 Amperage (amps) \tab 18.8 \tab Application Type \tab Residential \par
Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 19.75 in \tab Assembled Height (in.) \tab 46.75 in \par
Assembled Width (in.) \tab 19.75 in \tab Certifications and Listings \tab 1-UL Listed \par
ENERGY STAR Certified \tab No \tab Estimated Yearly Operating Cost ($) \tab 573.00 \par
Finish Family \tab Gray \tab First Hour of Delivery (gallons/hr) \tab 53 \par
Fuel Type \tab Electric \tab Indoor/Outdoor \tab Indoor \par
Labor Warranty \tab 1 Year \tab Maximum temperature (F) \tab 150 \par
Minimum Temperature (F) \tab 90 \tab Overheat Protection \tab Yes \par
Part Warranty \tab 6 Year \tab Product Depth (in.) \tab 19.75 \par
Product Height (in.) \tab 46.75 \tab Product Weight (lb.) \tab 105 \par
Product Width (in.) \tab 19.75 \tab Returnable \tab 90-Day \par
Self Cleaning \tab No \tab Tank Capacity (gallons) \tab 40 \par
Tank Valve Size (in.) \tab .75 \tab Temperature Pressure Relief Valve (TPR) \tab Yes \par
Voltage (volts) \tab 240 \tab Water Connection Location \tab Top \par
Water Connection Size (in.) \tab .75 \tab Water Heater Profile \tab Medium \par
Wattage (watts) \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 1 x 6 x 8 #2 & Better Kiln Dried Whitewood Board S4S\b\par
Image: \b0 Wood1\b\par
Price: \b0 $9.98\b\par
Description: \par
\b0 Every piece meets the highest grading standards for strength and appearance. This lumber is for a wide range of uses from framing of houses to basic interior finishing applications. Boards can also be used for carpentry, hobbies, furniture, shelving, and general finish work. The wood has straight grain and has uniform texture. It has low shrinkage and is worked very easily by hand and machine tools. The product is easy to glue and has good nailing and screw holding properties. The paint retention properties are good and it is fairly easily treated with preservatives.\par
\par
California residents: seeProposition 65 information\par
Each piece of this lumber meets the highest quality grading standards for strength and appearance\par
Boards can also be used for carpentry, hobbies, furniture, shelving, and general finish work\par
This lumber can be primed and painted or stained\par
Interior or exterior use\par
FSC certified\par
Note: Product may vary by store.\b\par
Specifications: \b0\par
Actual product thickness (in.) \tab 0.75 \tab Actual product width (in.) \tab 5.5 \par
Assembled Depth (in.) \tab 1 in \tab Assembled Height (in.) \tab 96 in \par
Assembled Width (in.) \tab 5.5 in \tab Manufacturer Warranty \tab none \par
Nominal Product H x W (In.) \tab 1x6 \tab Nominal Product Height (In.) \tab 1 \par
Nominal Product Length (ft.) \tab 8 \tab Nominal Product Length (in.) \tab 96 \par
Nominal Width \tab 6 in \tab Nominal product width (in.) \tab 6 \par
Primed \tab No \tab Product Length (ft.) \tab 8 ft \par
Product Length (in.) \tab 96 \tab Texture \tab Smooth \par
Water Resistant \par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Kirkland Signature\'99 Roast Beef in Beef Broth 12oz 24-pack\b\par
Image: \b0 Can1\b\par
Price: \b0 $79.99\b\par
Description: \par
\b0 Kirkland Signature Roast Beef in Beef Broth is a convenient way to prepare your favorite recipes such as Mexican dishes, stir-fry, soups, and casseroles. Made with premium grass fed beef to ensure that the finished product is very lean and tender.  At 97% lean, this blend of premium top and bottom round beef is a fully cooked and shelf stable product for up to 2 years.  This beef has the flavor, quality, and value expected in all Kirkland Signature items.\par
Premium Top and Bottom Round Beef\par
97% Fat Free / Only 80 calories per serving\par
Gluten Free\par
Product of the USA\par
Certified by the American Heart Association\par
Fully cooked, ready to eat\par
24ct. / 12oz cans\par
4 Servings Per Can\par
Serving Size: 2oz (56g)\par
96 Total Servings\par
$3.34 per can\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Harvest Creek Roast Beef with Gravy 12oz 24-pack\b\par
Image: \b0 Can2\b\par
Price: \b0 $64.99\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 Harvest Creek Roast Beef with Gravy is a quick and easy way to make any meal great.  Made with premium beef and a savory brown gravy this product is a quick and easy meal solution for any dinner table, simply heat and serve. As a fully cooked shelf stable product, this beef with gravy offers a convenient meal on its own or simply add vegetables for a tasty beef stew. Other recipe ideas include hot roast beef sandwiches or served with mash potatoes, rice, or pasta noodles.   \par
Quality Beef Product\par
Gluten Free\par
Product of USA\par
Fully cooked, ready to eat\par
Shelf stable for up to 2 years\par
24ct. / 12oz cans\par
2 Servings Per Can\par
Serving Size: 2/3 cup (151g)\par
48 Total Servings\par
$2.71 per can\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Sustainable Fields San Marzano Red Tomatoes, 14 oz- 6 Pack\b\par
Image: \b0 Can3\b\par
Price: \b0 $29.99\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 In the foothills of Mount Vesuvius is a land rich in organic substances and minerals that when combined with the nearby Mediterranean Sea, provide some of the best soil in the entire country of Italy. This soil is where San Marzano tomatoes thrive, giving chefs the best sauce tomatoes in the world.  Compared to the more common Roma (plum) tomatoes, the San Marzano have thicker flesh, fewer seeds and a stronger, less sweet and acidic taste - bittersweet, like great chocolate.  This bright red tomato, whose name denotes both its origin and variety, is harvested only by hand due to its delicate nature.  The San Marzano is picked, peeled and packed from August through September, sometimes later.  So prized are they, that in 1996, San Marzano tomatoes were granted Protected Designation of Origin status by the European Union and only cans that display the DOP designation are guaranteed to be genuine San Marzano tomatoes.\par
84 oz. total weight\par
21 total servings\par
Serving size: 1/2 cup (4oz)\par
DOP Product of Italy\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 30,144 Total Servings 4-Person 1-Year Food Storage\b\par
Image: \b0 Food1\b\par
Price: \b0 $3999.99\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 Now is the time to take advantage of this incredible value! Our most extensive THRIVE emergency food supply yet, the Emergency Cube provides over 30,000 total servings of long-lasting freeze dried and dehydrated THRIVE foods enough to sustain up to 4 people for 1 year in any circumstance!\par
\par
Be prepared with the convenience of delicious foods that are simple to prepare in situations without electricity or fresh ingredients just add water to rehydrate them in minutes! With quick recipes on every can and our exclusive THRIVE cookbook included, you can create healthy, well-balanced meals for your family under any conditions. Order this comprehensive food supply today to get the peace of mind provided only by the superior quality of THRIVE foods!\par
\par
This deluxe supply includes great-tasting foods from each of the THRIVE categories, grains, fruits, veggies, meats and beans, dairy, baking essentials, drinks, and even dessertensuring that you have the necessary variety and nutrition. As with all Shelf Reliance products, THRIVE foods are selected and tested to meet the highest standards of premium, long-lasting quality. Great taste and simple preparation make this THRIVE package perfect for creating healthy, delicious meals in any emergency situation!\par
 \par
Comprehensive food supply for up to 12 months for 4 people  \par
Shipment arrives on a pallet that is black-wrapped for security and privacy  \par
Pallet contains 63 separate boxes  \par
All freeze dried foods have a shelf life of up to 25 years\par
\par
Simple rehydration instructions, recipes, and helpful tips are included on each can. \par
\par
This kit contains 378 #10 cans of the following THRIVE foods:\par
\par
Grains:\par
42 Hard White Winter Wheat (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin: USA)\par
36 White Rice (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)\par
14 Pearled Barley (8 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)\par
10 Whole Wheat Flour (5 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)   \par
10 White Flour (5 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)   \par
8 Quick Oats (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)   \par
8 Cornmeal (5 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)  \par
8 Elbow Macaroni (8 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)\par
\par
Fruits & Veggies:\par
20 Potato Chunks (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)  \par
12 Sweet Corn FD (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)   \par
8 Broccoli FD (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)   \par
4 Carrot Dices (8 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA/Poland)   \par
2 Banana Slices FD (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  Ecuador)\par
6 Strawberries FD (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)   \par
8 Green Peas FD (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)  \par
4 Raspberries FD (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA/Chile/Serbia)\par
10 Apple Slices (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)   \par
4 Onions FD (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)\par
\par
Dairy:\par
36 Powder Milk (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)   \par
6 Cheese Blend (15 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)   \par
6 Chocolate Drink Mix (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)\par
\par
Protein:\par
6 Whole Egg Powder (3 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)   \par
8 Chicken TVP (10 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)  \par
14 Pinto Beans (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA/Canada)  \par
12 Black Beans (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA/Canada)\par
4 Sausage TVP (10 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)  \par
4 Ham TVP (10 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)   \par
8 Lentils (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)   \par
8 Beef TVP (10 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)   \par
6 Taco TVP (10 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)\par
\par
Misc:\par
2 Iodized Salt (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)   \par
2 Chicken Bouillon (5 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)   \par
6 Brown Sugar (10 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)   \par
6 Fudge Brownies (20 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)  \par
2 Baking Powder (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)   \par
2 Beef Bouillon (5 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)   \par
10 White Sugar (25 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)  \par
6 Orchard Apple Drink (3 year shelf life (Country of Origin:  USA)  \par
6 Orange Bliss Drink (3 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)\par
4 Simply Peach Drink (3 year shelf life) (Country of Origin:  USA)\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Food, Fire, Filter 72 hour Emergency Supply Pallet 80 units.\b\par
Image: \b0 Food2\b\par
Price: \b0 $4799.99\b\par
Description: \par
\b0 The Food Fire Filter 72-Hour Pallet provides 80 total buckets, each containing the food, fire starters and water filtration needed to help 2 people survive for 72-hours. Each kit contains 76 servings of delicious meals that will not only fill, they will satisfy. That\rquote s 12 servings per day (1526 calories) per person for 3 days, making the combined total of this pallet equal to 6,080 servings (or 732,480 total calories).\par
\par
In addition, each Food Fire Filter Kit includes the supplies needed to cook and prepare your food, including a portable barbeque grill, a high-quality stainless steel pot, multi-purpose utensils, waterproof matches and InstaFire\'99\emdash a safe, natural fire starter. \par
\par
Each Food Fire Filter 72-Hour Kit contains:\par
1 pouch Oatmeal (10 servings)\par
1 pouch Granola  (10 servings)\par
1 pouch Multigrain Cereal (10 servings)\par
1 pouch Instant Milk (8 servings)\par
1 pouch Instant Orange Drink (8 servings)\par
2 pouches Potato Chowder (10 servings)\par
2 pouches Creamy Tomato Soup (10 servings)\par
2 pouches Creamy Vegetable Rice (10 servings)\par
9 pouches InstaFire\'99 Fire Starter\par
1 box Waterproof Matches  \par
1 Portable Cooking Stove**\par
1 2-quart Stainless Steel Pot\par
1 Filter Water Bottle - The Advanced filter removes up to 99.99% of chlorine, chemicals, and heavy metals; and up to 99.9999% of bacteria and virus using its proprietary Ionic Adsorption Micron Filtration System.\par
2 8oz. Cups\par
2 Folding Multipurpose Utensils\par
\par
Other Features:\par
Nutritional and preparation information\par
Just add water\par
Quick and easy to prepare\par
A good source of protein every day\par
No hydrogenated oils, trans fats or added MSG\par
Up to 20-year shelf life.*\par
Date of manufacturing printed on each mylar pouch\par
Date of manufacturing on the outside of the bucket\par
Ships in discreet packaging\par
Net Weight:  770 lbs\par
Pallet Dimensions:  42"W x 49"L x 70" H\par
\par
Our company\rquote s name, Food for Health International, reflects our commitment of providing food that promotes optimal health, increased longevity and a sustained quality of life. \par
\par
* Shelf life: Up to 20-years from date of manufacture. For best taste and nutritional value, store between 60\u730?F and 70\u730?F.\par
\par
**Folding Barbecue Frame; Open Size: 9-1/2" X 9-1/2" X 4-1/2"; Folded Size: 9-1/2" X 9-1/2" X 3/8"; 4 Pc 4-3/4" Removable Legs; 1 Pc 9-3/4" X 10" X 19/64" Grill Top; Total Weight of Grill : 0.75 LBS\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 2-pack LIFESAVER 4000LTR Ultra Filtration Bottle Systems\b\par
Image: \b0 Food3\b\par
Price: \b0 $269.99\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 The LIFESAVER\'ae bottle is the World\rquote s first water bottle to remove all bacteria, viruses, cysts, parasites, fungi and all other microbiological waterborne pathogens without the aid of any foul tasting chemicals like iodine or chlorine or the need for any power or UV light.\par
\par
Treats up to 4000 liters of water each (8,000 liters total)\par
Bottle uses replaceable filters\par
Simply dip base of bottle into water source and use the pump to force the water\par
Drink filtered water directly from the bottle\par
\par
LIFESAVER\'ae technology filters down to 15 nanometers, that is 0.015 microns. The world's first and only portable technology that is patented worldwide, to filter down to this level. With the smallest virus known being Polio at 25 nanometers, you are safe in the knowledge that LIFESAVER\'ae  filters all bacteria, viruses, cysts and all waterborne pathogens from your water.\par
\par
Filter Specifications:\par
Cartridge service rating: 4,000 liters (1,056.7 U.S. gallons)\par
Replaceable activated carbon filter\par
Replaceable UF cartridge\par
Bacteria retention: >99.999995 % (log 7.5)(2)\par
Virus retention: >99.999 % (log5)(3)\par
Activated carbon reduces chemical residues including: pesticides, endocrine disrupting compounds, medical residues, and heavy metals\par
\par
Bottle Specifications:\par
Bottle storage capacity: 750 milliliters\par
Chew-proof, replaceable drinking teat\par
Watertight, snap-fit lid\par
Cap seal\par
Pump tube\par
Protective sleeve\par
Removable anti-slip base\par
Twist lock pump handle\par
Dry weight of bottle including cartridge: 635 grams (approximately 22 ounces)\par
\par
Operating Specifications:\par
Minimum operating temperature: >0 degrees Celsius, 32 degrees Fahrenheit\par
Maximum operating temperature: 50 degrees Celsius, 122 degrees Fahrenheit\par
Minimum storage temperature: -10 degrees Celsius, 14 degrees Fahrenheit\par
Maximum storage temperature: 60 degrees Celsius, 140 degrees Fahrenheit\par
Initial flow rate: 2.5 liters per minute at 0.25 Bar(1)\par
Flow rates and capacity depend on the quality of the feed water\par
After first use, the product should be protected against freezing\par
\par
Compliance and Testing Specifications:\par
U.S. compliance EPA: U.S. National Primary Drinking Water Regulations under the Safe Drinking Water Act 93-523\par
UK compliance: Water Supply (Water Quality) Regulations 2000\par
EU compliance: European Drinking Water Directive Council, Directive 98/83/EC\par
Tested by London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine using Escherichia coli NCTC 10418 in accordance with the Protocol for Microbiological Water Purifiers in accordance with U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) guidelines\par
Tested by London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine using Poliovirus Type 1 (Sabin vaccine strain) in accordance with the Protocol for Microbiological Water Purifiers in accordance with US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) guidelines\par
\par
Manufacturer Warranty\par
Two-year international limited warranty\par
\par
FAILSAFE Technology\par
All LIFESAVER products operate FAILSAFE technology. As the LIFESAVER product approaches the end of ifs filtration capacity, it will require a greater number of pumps to induce water flow. When no more water can be induced to flow despite pumping, the cartridge has expired and needs replacing.\par
\par
LIFESAVER Technology\par
The LIFESAVER technology is the world's first and only portable technology that removes all bacteria, viruses, cysts, parasites, fungi and all other microbiological waterborne pathogens without the aid of any foul tasting chemicals like iodine or chlorine or the need for any power or UV light.\par
\par
Activated Carbon\par
The LIFESAVER activated carbon filters are made of high specification activated carbon block which reduces a broad spectrum of chemical residues including pesticides, endocrine, disrupting compounds, medical residues and heavy metals such as lead and copper. It also eliminates bad tastes and odours from contaminates such as chlorine and sulphur. Each LIFESAVER jerrycan activated carbon lasts 250L of water.\par
\par
LIFESAVER Regulations\par
LIFESAVER systems ltd complies with all British, US and European Drinking Water Regulations for Microbiological Reduction as tested and certified by the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine.\par
\par
The Science behind LIFESAVER\par
LIFESAVER technology filters down to 15 nanometres, that is 0.015 microns. We are the world's first and only portable technology that is patented worldwide, to filter down to this level. With the smallest virus known being Polio at 25 nanometers, you are safe in the knowledge that LIFESAVER filters all bacteria, viruses, cysts and all waterborne pathogens from your water.\par
\par
This 2-pack Includes:\par
2 x LIFESAVER 4000UF bottle\par
2 x LIFESAVER activated carbon filter\par
2 x LIFESAVER pre-filter disc/scavenging sponge (fitted)\par
2 x Instruction Manual\par
2 x Quick User Guide\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 260 Total Servings of Quick Rolled Oats Emergency Food Storage with Gamma Lid\b\par
Image: \b0 Food4\b\par
Price: \b0 $39.99\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 Food for Health\rquote s Quick Rolled Oats are the perfect way to start your day. Oatmeal helps give you a quick boost\emdash enjoy a hot, nutritious meal in just minutes. A favorite of children and adults alike, these 260 servings might go faster than you think.\par
\par
Features:\par
260 Total Servings\par
Full of heart-healthy fiber\par
Net Weight 10.43 kg (23 lbs)\par
Packaged in a metalized storage bag for long-term storage\par
Up to 20-year shelf life*\par
Cooks in 1 minute; just add to boiling water\par
Interlocking bucket design for easy stacking\par
Re-sealable lid that allows for easy opening and closing\par
Oxygen extraction procedure that further protects nutrition and taste\par
Made in the USA\par
\par
Food for Health is leading the way with innovative, delicious and healthy long-term food storage solutions. We are committed to providing you with a wide variety of irresistible products that provide healthy calories and nutrients. Food for Health delivers the peace of mind that you are prepared and that you are feeding your family wholesome foods.\par
\par
* Shelf life: Up to 20-years from date of manufacture. For best taste and nutritional value, store between 60\u730?F and 70\u730?F.\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Made In Nature Organic Fusion Blend Apple Cinnamon 2-Pack & Tropical 2-Pack\b\par
Image: \b0 Food5\b\par
Price: \b0 $76.99\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 At Made In Nature, we're on an adventure to discover the most flavorful, organic ingredients on the planet. So, of course, we use only real food, grown the way nature intended. And when we paired our mouthwatering, organic dried fruits with the perfect blend of spices and just a pinch of love - well, it made for a real celebration. So go ahead and enjoy. It's all good!\par
\par
Apple Cinnamon Fusion: Nothing brings you back to the comfort of home like the flavor of fresh apples, raisins and cinnamon.  This soft, warm blend is the perfect breakfast topping or after school snack. Pop one of these in your kids lunchbox and you\rquote ll know they\rquote re getting the nutrition they need until they\rquote re back home in your kitchen!\par
\par
Tropical Fusion: When you start with sun-ripened bananas, pineapples, mangoes and coconut, then add just a touch of ginger to the crunch of flavonoid-rich cacao nibs - you\rquote ve got a treat that delivers! This nutritious and delicious mouthful will take you back to the warm, sun drenched beaches of the tropics and have you dreaming of more!\par
\par
Features:  \par
2- 18 ct 1 oz. Individual Bags Apple Cinnamon Fusion\par
2- 18 ct 1 oz. Individual Bags Tropical Fusion\par
72 oz. Total\par
USDA certified organic\par
No synthetic pesticides or herbicides\par
No sugar added\par
No artificial colors, flavors or additives\par
Non GMO Project Verified\par
Contains no gluten\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Pet\rquote s Banquet\'99 Emergency Cat Food 6-gallon Sealed Bucket\b\par
Image: \b0 Cat1\b\par
Price: \b0 $59.99\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 Pet\rquote s Banquet\'99 Cat Food is the cat\rquote s choice in preparedness food. Pet\rquote s Banquet\'99 is a well-balanced healthy choice for kittens and adult cats. This cat food storage contains multiple health preventives for our feline friends. Pet's Banquet Emergency Cat Food is a complete, balanced cat food, which is highly nutritious. It is specifically formulated with high quality protein sources, including chicken meal and fish meal to promote lean body and strong muscles. \par
\par
\par
Be prepared for your cat\rquote s needs in any emergency.  Pet's Banquet\'99 Cat Food is manufactured in the USA.\par
\par
Pet\rquote s Banquet\'99 Cat Food Storage Benefits:\par
Corn Gluten Meal is a Key Protein for Cats\par
Up to 15-Year Shelf Life\par
Well Balanced Cat Food\par
Metalite\'99 Sealed Pouches with Oxygen Absorbers\par
Net Weight:  17.5 lbs\par
6 Gallon Sealed/Stack-able Bucket\par
\par
\par
Recommended Pet's Banquet\'99 Cat Food Portions\par
Every cat has different needs depending on size, age, and level of activity. Use the chart as a guideline and adjust to your cat's needs. \par
\par
Pet's Banquet\'99 Cat food Feeding Guidelines:\par
1 cup of cat food = 3.87 oz.\par
\par
(Standard 8 oz. measuring cup) Bucket Wt. 17.5 lb. \par
\par
Weight of Cat        Amount of Food/Day                                Total Days/Bucket\par
\par
Pounds                        Cups                                Grams\par
5-9 lb                      1/3-2/3 cup                           36-73                240-180\par
10-14 lb                      2/3-1 cup                          73-110                180-80                        \par
\par
Transitioning to Pet's Banquet\'99 Cat Food         \par
When it comes to transitioning to Pet's Banquet\'99 Cat Food, it is important to gradually mix a little bit of Pet's Banquet\'99 Cat food with your cat's present food. We recommend you do this because of the difference in nutrition levels and the cat's need to adapt to the changes. The transition should happen gradually over a week.  \par
\par
Ingredients:\par
Poultry Meal, Ground Corn, Corn Gluten Meal, Ground Rice, Soybean Meal, Poultry Fat (Preserved with Natural Mixed Tocopherols), Beet Pulp, Dried Egg Product, Brewers Yeast, Natural Flavors, Fish Meal, Pork Meat & Bone Meal, Dried Whey, Calcium Carbonate, Ground Flaxseed, Salt (Sodium Chloride), Vitamin C (AsPP L-ascorbyl-2-polyphosphate), Potassium Chloride, Mono Dicalcium Phosphate, DL Methionine, Taurine, Zinc Sulfate, Ferrous Sulfate, Vitamin E Supplement, Niacin Supplement,Manganese Sulfate, Copper Sulfate, Vitamin A Supplement, Thiamine Mononitrate,Pantothenic Acid, Riboflavin Supplement, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride, Biotin Supplement, Potassium Iodide, Folic Acid, Vitamin K (Menadione Sodium Bisulfite Complex), Vitamin D Supplement, Vitamin B12 Supplement, Sodium Selenite (Selenium).\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Pet\rquote s Banquet\'99 Emergency Dog Food 6-gallon Sealed Bucket\b\par
Image: \b0 Pet2\b\par
Price: \b0 $59.99\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 With Pet\rquote s Banquet\'99 Dog Food you will get the top of the line dog food that can be stored up to 15 years. Pet\rquote s Banquet\'99 is high quality pet food formulated for man\rquote s best friend. Pet's Banquet Emergency Dog Food is a complete feed for your pet (no other vitamins or minerals needed). It contains amino acids balanced with quality proteins, high quality energy grains, and is nutritionally balanced with vitamins and trace minerals. \par
\par
When an emergency strikes it is important to make sure your dog has premium food stored.  Pet's Banquet\'99 Dog Food is manufactured in the USA. \par
\par
Pet\rquote s Banquet\'99 Dog Food Storage Bucket Benefits:\par
Real Pork Meat\par
Metalite\'99 Sealed Pouches with Oxygen Absorbers to Preserve Dog Food\par
6 Gallon Sealed/Stack-able Bucket\par
Well Balanced Dog Food\par
Perfect for Pups or Adult Dogs\par
Net Weight:  17 lb 28 oz\par
Up to 15-Year Shelf Life\par
\par
\par
Recommended Pet\rquote s Banquet\'99 Dog Food Portions\par
Every dog has different needs depending on size, age, and level of activity. Use the chart as a guideline and adjust to your dog\rquote s needs. \par
\par
Pet's Banquet\'99 Dog Food Feeding Guidelines:\par
\par
Weight of Dog        Cups*Fed per day   \par
Up to 15lbs              1/2 - 1 1/2\par
16 - 25lbs                1/12 - 2\par
26 - 35lbs                2 - 2 3/4\par
36 - 45lbs                2 3/4 - 3 1/2\par
46 - 55lbs                3 1/2 - 4\par
56 - 75lbs                4 - 5 1/4\par
76 - 95lbs                5 1/4 - 6 1/2   \par
\par
*Standard Measuring Cup.\par
These are basic recommended feeding amounts, they are subject to change depending on the metabolism of the dog.                                  \par
\par
Transitioning to Pet\rquote s Banquet\'99 Dog Food\par
When it comes to transitioning to Pet\rquote s Banquet Dog Food, it is important to gradually mix in a little bit of Pet's Banquet Dog Food with your dog\rquote s present food. We recommend you do this because of the difference in nutrition levels and the dog\rquote s need to adapt to the changes. The transition should happen gradually over a week. \par
\par
Dogs 100 lbs. and up \par
\par
If your dog is over 100 lbs. add \'bd cup to every 10 lbs.\par
\par
Ingredients:\par
Pork Meat and Bone Meal, Cooked Corn, Cooked Rice, Cooked Wheat, Wheat Bran,\par
Chicken Fat, Soybean Meal, Salt (Sodium Chloride), Propionic Acid (a preservative),\par
Choline Chloride, Vitamin E (Alpha Tocopherol), Riboflavin Supplement, Ferrous\par
Sulfate, Zinc Oxide, DL-Calcium Pantothenic Acid, Vitamin K (Menadione Sodium\par
Bisulfite Complex), Natural Mixed Tocopherols, Rosemary Extract and Citrus Acid,\par
Vitamin B12 Supplement, Niacin Supplement, Vitamin A Acetate, Calcium Iodate,\par
Copper Oxide, Manganous Oxide, Pyridoxine Hydrochloride, Vitamin D3 Supplement,\par
Folic Acid, Thiamine Mononitrate, Biotin Supplement, Sodium Selenite (Selenium).\b  \b0\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Cosequin\'ae DS Plus MSM 360 Count Joint Health Supplement for Dogs 180 Count 2-pack\b\par
Image: \b0 Pet3\b\par
Price: \b0 $99.99\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 Cosequin DS is the #1 Veterinary Recommended joint health supplement shown to protect joint cartilage and help keep dogs mobile. And now it is available in a PLUS formula with methysulfonymethane (MSM) for added benefits. It comes in a tasty chewable tablet that dogs love!\par
\par
Product Facts:\par
Guaranteed Analysis per Chewable:   \par
Glucosamine Hydrochloride: 600 mg  \par
Chondroitin Sulfate: 300 mg  \par
Methylsulfonylmethane: 250 mg  \par
Also contains Manganese: 5 mg  \par
Maximum joint formula plus the addition of MSM for added benefits  \par
Contains FCHG49\'ae glucosamine HCl & TRH122\'ae low molecular weight sodium chondroitin sulfate, plus MSM  \par
Tasty, natural pork liver flavored chewables for your pet  \par
Guaranteed to meet label claims    \b  \b0\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Best Pet Health\'99 Max Joint Support 300 Count 2-pack\b\par
Image: \b0 Pet4\b\par
Price: \b0 $69.99\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 Best Pet Health Hip & Joint Support Plus provides all the benefits of glucosamine plus MSM and chondroitin to support healthy joint function and connective tissue to help your dog stay active and enjoy life. \par
\par
100% Guaranteed\par
Easy to give liver flavored chewables\par
For active adults, dogs 7 years and older, large and giant breeds and working, competing and hunting dogs\par
\par
Product Facts\par
Active Ingredients per Chewable: \par
\par
Glucosamine Hydrochloride:500 mg\par
Chondroitin Sulfate:200 mg\par
Methylsulfonyimethane (MSM):50 mg\par
Zinc (Oxide):15 mg\par
Ascorbic Acid (Vitamin C):50 mg\par
Manganese:5 mg\par
Copper (Gluconate):2 mg\par
\par
Inactive Ingredients: Brewers dried yeast, cellulose, liver meal, magnesium silicate, magnesium stearate, natural flavor, silicon dioxide, stearic acid. \par
\par
Cautions: Safe use in pregnant animals or animals intended for breeding has not been proven. \par
\par
Consult with your veterinarian before using this product in animals with clotting disorders, being treated with anticoagulant medications, diabetes, or any metabolic disorder causing hyperglycemia, history of urinary tract stones, known allergies to shellfish.\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Ralph Lauren Men's Mesh Polo - Heather Gray\b\par
Image: \b0 Clothes1\b  \par
Price: \b0 $20.00\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 Made of 100% cotton for a comfortable, breathable fit, this classic Ralph Lauren mesh polo is a must-have for any man\rquote s wardrobe. \par
\par
Features:\par
2 button placket\par
Ribbed polo collar\par
Short sleeves with ribbed arm bands\par
Signature embroidered pony at left chest\par
Uneven vented hem\par
Made in China\par
\par
Content:\par
100% cotton\par
\par
Sizing:\par
M-XXL\par
Classic fit\par
Back body length: S = 26 \'bc\rdblquote | M = 26 \'be\rdblquote | L = 27 \'bc\rdblquote | XL = 27 \'be\rdblquote\par
\par
Care Instructions: \par
Machine washable\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Buffalo Men's Driven Straight Fit Jean - Stone Wash\b\par
Image: \b0 Clothes2\b\par
Price: \b0 $29.99\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 The Buffalo David Bitton Driven Jean features an easy fit and straight leg. The stone wash gives a distressed appearance and increases the softness and flexibility of the fabric.\par
\par
Features: \par
5 pocket jean features an easy fit and straight leg\par
Sits low on waist\par
Signature Buffalo rear pocket design\par
Zip fly and single button closure\par
6 Belt loops\par
Accommodates up to a 2" wide belt\par
Leather Buffalo David Bitton patch on back waist\par
Made in China\par
\par
Content: \par
99% Cotton\par
1% Spandex\par
\par
Sizing:\par
Inseam: 30", 32", 34"\par
Waist (in): 30-40 (even sizes)\par
Front Rise: 10"\par
Back Rise: 14"\par
Leg Opening: 16"\par
\par
Care Instructions:\par
Machine wash cold with like colors\par
Normal cycle\par
Wash inside out\par
Do not bleach\par
Hang dry\par
Cool iron if needed\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Dickies Men's Venue II Workwear Shoe\b\par
Image: \b0 Shoes1\b\par
Price: \b0 $19.99\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 Enjoy casual comfort with Dickies.  Slip resistant, non-marking outsoles and a fully cushioned EVA midsole allows comfort and protection.  Dickies slip resistant range of footwear has been engineered to help prevent against instances of slip hazards.\par
\par
Features: \par
Spill resistant\par
Moisture wicking performance fabric\par
Removable insole\par
Oil and slip resistant\par
Durable for work and pleasure\par
Made in China\par
\par
Content: \par
Leather upper\par
Rubber outsole\par
\par
Sizing:\par
7, 8, 8.5, 9, 9.5, 10, 10.5, 11, 12, 13, 14\par
Made on a size 'E' last\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Chaco Ladies' Z/1 Yampa Sandal - Waves\b\par
Image: \b0 Shoes2\b\par
Price: \b0 $19.99\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 Chaco offers superior quality of comfort and performance in this sport sandal. An adjustable strap, contoured foot bed and open toe design offer security and comfort for any activity.\par
\par
Features: \par
Lightweight\par
Slip resistant\par
Quick drying\par
Excellent traction\par
Footbed promotes proper alignment\par
Non-marking outsole\par
2-3 mm water ready surface contact lugs\par
High friction and all purpose tread design\par
Made in China\par
\par
Content: \par
Polyester jacquard webbing upper and midsole\par
Polyurethane footbed\par
Vibram\'ae TC-1 Rubber Outsole\par
\par
Sizing:\par
6-10\par
For half sizes order next size up.  Example: If you wear shoe size 7.5, order size 8.\par
\par
Care Instructions: \par
Wipe with damp cloth\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Democracy Ladies' Blouse - Black\b\par
Image: \b0 Clothes3\b\par
Price: \b0 $18.99\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 Whether dressing up or feeling casual, this beautiful top is always the perfect go-to choice! Pair this versatile top with your favorite pair of pants or leggings. \par
\par
Features:\par
Mandarin collar\par
Y-neck\par
Two zip chest pockets\par
Button half placket\par
Roll-tab sleeves\par
Gold tone hardware accents\par
Shirttail hem\par
Made in China\par
\par
Content:\par
100% polyester\par
\par
Sizing:\par
S-XL\par
Center back length: S = 29 \'bd\rdblquote  | M = 30\rdblquote  | L = 30 \'bd\rdblquote  | XL = 31\rdblquote   \par
\par
Care Instructions:\par
Machine wash cold\par
Gentle Cycle\par
Only non-chlorine bleach when needed\par
Hang to dry\par
Iron on lowest setting if needed\par
Do not iron decoration\par
Do not dry clean\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Carter's Boys' 3-piece Layette Set, 2-pack - Assorted\b\par
Image: \b0 Clothes4\b\par
Price: \b0 $15.99\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 Keep him on the move all day with this 3 piece Carter\rquote s \ldblquote Turn-me-around Set\rdblquote . Each set features two short sleeve bodysuits and an easy pull on pant in soft and cozy fabrics.\par
\par
Features:\par
Brand: Carter\rquote s\par
Color/Print: Gray, White, and Blue Stripe/Baseball, Charcoal Gray, White, and Aqua Stripe/Shark\par
Set includes 2 short sleeve bodysuits & a pant\par
Bodysuit- easy fitting lap shoulders, front appliqu\'e9 and screen print\par
Easy bottom snaps\par
Pants- easy pull on elastic waist style with fun appliqu\'e9 on bottom\par
Made in China\par
\par
Content:\par
Top 100% cotton\par
Pant 100% cotton\par
\par
Sizing: \par
Sizes 3M-24M\par
\par
Care Instructions: \par
Wash before use\par
Machine wash cold with like colors\par
Only non-chlorine bleach when needed\par
Tumble dry medium\par
Warm iron if needed\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title: \b0 Carter's Girls' 3-piece Layette Set, 2-pack - Assorted\b\par
Image: \b0 Clothes5\b\par
Price: \b0 $15.99\b\par
Description:\par
\b0 Keep her on the move all day with this 3 piece Carter\rquote s "Turn-me-around" layette set. Each set features both a long sleeve and short sleeve bodysuit and an easy pull on pant in soft and cozy fabrics.\par
\par
Features:\par
Brand: Carter's\par
Color/Print: Mint Green, Gray Stripe and Pink Polka Dot/Frog, Light Pink,Light BlueStripe and Coral Polka Dot/Birdy\par
Each set includes: 1 long sleeve bodysuit, 1 short sleeve body suit & a pant\par
Bodysuit- easy fitting lap shoulders, front appliqu\'e9 and screen print\par
Easy bottom snaps\par
Pants- easy pull on elastic waist style with fun appliqu\'e9 on bottom\par
Made in China\par
\par
Content:\par
Bodysuit 100% Cotton\par
Pink Polka Dot/Frog Pant 100% Cotton\par
Coral Polka Dot/Bird Pant 60% Cotton 40% Polyester\par
\par
Sizing: \par
Sizes 3M-24M\par
\par
Care Instructions: \par
Wash before use\par
Machine wash cold with like colors\par
Color may transfer when new\par
Only non-chlorine bleach when needed\par
Tumble dry medium\par
Remove promptly\par
Warm iron if needed\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title:\par
Image: \par
Price:\par
Description:\par
Specifications: \b0\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title:\par
Image: \par
Price:\par
Description:\par
Specifications: \b0\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title:\par
Image: \par
Price:\par
Description:\par
Specifications: \b0\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title:\par
Image: \par
Price:\par
Description:\par
Specifications: \b0\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title:\par
Image: \par
Price:\par
Description:\par
Specifications: \b0\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title:\par
Image: \par
Price:\par
Description:\par
Specifications: \b0\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title:\par
Image: \par
Price:\par
Description:\par
Specifications: \b0\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title:\par
Image: \par
Price:\par
Description:\par
Specifications: \b0\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title:\par
Image: \par
Price:\par
Description:\par
Specifications: \b0\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title:\par
Image: \par
Price:\par
Description:\par
Specifications: \b0\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title:\par
Image: \par
Price:\par
Description:\par
Specifications: \b0\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title:\par
Image: \par
Price:\par
Description:\par
Specifications: \b0\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title:\par
Image: \par
Price:\par
Description:\par
Specifications: \b0\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title:\par
Image: \par
Price:\par
Description:\par
Specifications: \b0\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\b Title:\par
Image: \par
Price:\par
Description:\par
Specifications: \b0\par
-------------------------------------------\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 